PAY-6246: Add new payment method location events (#452)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/payment-services/initialization.mdx

## Payment method availability

> During asynchronous initialization, the Payment Services drop-in emits a `payment-services/method-available/${location}` event for each available payment method in each available location. The event payload is a single string containing the payment method code.

Reviewer: The `${location}` notation looks odd in documentation. What about:
```suggestion
During asynchronous initialization, the Payment Services drop-in emits a series of events to signal payment method availability on different 'locations'. For each of these events, the event payload is a single string containing the payment method code.
```

The following table contains the current supported locations per payment method and the corresponding event names:

<OptionsTable
  options={[
    ['Payment', 'Checkout', 'Product Detail Page'],
    ['Credit Card', '`payment-services/method-available/checkout`', 'Not supported'],
    ['Apple Pay', '`payment-services/method-available/checkout`', '`payment-services/method-available/product-detail`'],
  ]}

> />

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<OptionsTable
  options={[
    ['Event name', 'Description'],
    ['payment-services/method-available/checkout', 'Payment method available for checkout page.'],
    ['payment-services/method-available/product-detail', 'Payment method available for product detail page.'],
  ]}
/>
```
